Update the AzDO guide about using the Pulumi task extension with non-Azure cloud providers (#3782)
pulumi/docs: content/docs/guides/continuous-delivery/azure-devops.md

### Pulumi Task Extension for Azure Pipelines

> We built a task extension that will let you easily use Pulumi in your CI/CD pipelines. It can be used with the Azure Pipelines wizard UI or the YAML config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We built a task extension that lets you easily use Pulumi in your CI/CD pipelines. It can be used with the Azure Pipelines wizard UI or the YAML config.
```

> The task handles installing the Pulumi CLI, and running any commands without the need for any scripts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The task handles installing the Pulumi CLI and running any commands without the need for any scripts.
```

> > Pulumi Task Extension for Azure Pipelines can be used with any cloud provider that Pulumi supports. You are not limited to using it with just deploying resources to Azure. Learn more [here](#other-clouds).

Reviewer: This might read a bit better, assuming it'd still be correct:

```suggestion
> Pulumi Task Extension for Azure Pipelines can be used with any cloud provider that Pulumi supports. You are not limited to using it only with Azure. Learn more [here](#other-clouds).
```
